# Playoff Games - User Stories

## Playoff Games List

As a user, I want to see a list of playoff games for a division

### Acceptance Criteria

- Games will be listed in date / time order
- The list will include the fields VisitingTeam, HomeTeam, Location (displaying the related ScheduleLocations LocationName field ), VisitingTeamScore amd HomeTeamScore

## Playoff Game Seeding

- As a developer, I would like the system to generate data following the framework used in other parts of the application and following the guidelines described in Playoff-seeder.md. Playoff records should be created for all divisions.

### Acceptance Criteria

- records are created for each division and season
- Relevant unit tests are created and pass

## Playoff Games Detail

As an admin user, I want to be able to create and edit a playoff game. The current Division should be stored in the divisionId field.

### Acceptance criteria

- The current Division should be stored in the divisionId field.
- fields on the form should include the
  - Location dropdown (link to the ScheduleLocation table for the description) showing the description and storing the ID in the locationNumber field.
  - the game date
  - game time ( as a date field)
  - home Team (homeTeam field using a free form description)
  - visiting Team (visitingTeam field using a free form description)
  - home Team Score (homeTeamScore - must be a number)
  - visiting Team Score (visitingTeamScore - must be a number)

## Playoff Games Detail Actions

As an admin user, I want to be able to save or cancel the editing of the form.

### Acceptance criteria

- for editing an existing record, the relevant fields populated in the form.
- A save button when clicked will save the record to the database.
- the save button will be enabled when:
  - required fields are populated,
  - any populated fields are valid and
  - that a change has been made to the data
- a cancel button will return the user to the Playoff list
- for new records, the form will not be pre-populated but upon save, the divisionId, ScheduleNumber, a sequential gameNumber and SchedulePlayoffID (this may be automatically generated by the database) will be saved with the form data.

## Admin Games New button

As an admin user, I would like to be able to create new regular season or playoff games.

### Acceptance Criteria

- upon pressing the New button on the ADmin Game Shell form, a detail form will be presented to the user
  - if the user is on the Regular Season list or detail form, a regular season game detail form will be presented
  - if the user is on the Playoffs list or detail form, a playoff game detail form will be presented.
    if the user is on a detail form and the record is not saved, i.e., dirty, the user will be asked whether they wan to cancel or save before going to the new record.
- Appropriate unit tests are created

## Admin Playoff Games - Date time pickers

As an admin user, I would like the date and time selection to use calendars and time pickers.

### Acceptance criteria

- use the Angular material datepicker for the date field
- use angular material time picker for the time field (use 5 minute increments)
- both the GameDate and Gametime fields in the database field should concatenate the date and time (At some point we'll remove one of those fields).
